1. the current state of affairs may have been encuraged，though not justified,by the lack of legal penalty for data leakage.

1. Superhigh scores like vos Savant's are no longer possible,because scoring is now based on a statistical poplulation distribution among age peers.
 
1. A string of accidents，including the partial collapse of a cooling tower in 2007 and the discover of an underground pipe system leakage,raise serious questions about both Vermont Yankee's safety and Entergy's management especially after the company made misleading statements about the pipe.

1. It was banks that were on the wrong planet, with accounts that vastly overvalued assets. Today they argue that market prices overstate losses, because they largely reflect the temporary illiquidity of markets, not the likely extent of bad debts.

1. Howver,the Justices said that Arizona police would be allowed th verify the legal status of people who come in contact with law enforcement.

1. The administration was in essence asserting that because it didn't want to carry out Congress's immigration wishes,no state should be allowed to do so either.

1. That's one reason why we have launched Arc, a new publication dedicated to the near future.

1. In wisconsin. The units have rallied ,thousands of supporters against Scott worker ,the hard line Republican governor.

1. Pushed by science, or what claims to be science, society is reclassifying what once were considered character flaws or moral failings as personality disorders akin to physical disabilities.

1. But somewhere from the 19th century onward, more artists began seeing happiness as meaningless, phony or, worst of all, boring,as we went from Wordsworth's daffodils to Baudelaire's flowers of evil.

phony/sham/fake/worst

claims
science
society

rally

launch
dedicated
future
feature

essence
carry out 
immigration

affairs
encuraged
justified
lack
penalty
leakage
superhigh
scientific
statistical
poplulation
accidents
collapse
serious
especially
misleading
argue
temporary
illiquidity
extent
verify/inspect/assert/affirm
contact
enforcement

a + n. + of 一系列/许多 = some/many